#
# BSD
#

http://www.shiningsilence.com/dbsdlog/feed bsd
http://undeadly.org/cgi?action=rss bsd
http://www.freebsddiary.org/news.php bsd
http://www.mebsd.com/feed bsd

#
# Comics
#
http://xkcd.org/rss.xml comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Explosm comics

#
# Tech
#
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ommalik tech
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/everything tech
http://feeds.pheedo.com/toms_hardware tech
http://www.anandtech.com/rss/ tech
http://news.ycombinator.com/rss  tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TechCrunch tech
http://usesthis.com/feed/ tech
http://feeds.feedburner.com/thepowerbase tech

#
# Sports
#
http://www.raiders.com/cda-web/rss-module.htm?tagName=News sports

#
# News
#
http://bangordailynews.com/feed/ news
http://rt.com/news/today/rss/ news
http://www.wlbz2.com/rss/local/3/10.xml news
http://feeds.feedburner.com/wabi/news news

#
# Security
#
http://www.digininja.org/rss.xml security
https://threatpost.com/en_us/rss.xml security

#
# Music
#
http://www.punknews.org/feeds/punknews-reviews.rdf music
http://www.rollingstone.com/siteServices/rss/allNews music

#
# Gentoo
#
http://feeds.feedburner.com/universe_larry gentoo
http://planet.exherbo.org/rss20.xml gentoo

#
# Webdesign
#
http://chriseppstein.github.com/blog/atom.xml webdesign
http://feeds.feedburner.com/CssTricks webdesign
http://feeds.feedburner.com/JamesPadolsey webdesign
http://feeds.brandonmathis.com/designenthusiast webdesign

#
# Sysadmin
#
http://blog.brattyredhead.com/atom.xml sysadmin
http://opsantipatterns.com/atom.xml sysadmin
https://canonical.wordpress.com/feed/ sysadmin
http://nickapedia.com/feed/ sysadmin
http://technology.customink.com/atom.xml sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/semicomplete/main sysadmin
http://www.tummy.com/journals/rss.xml sysadmin
http://www.lounge.se/wiki2/atom_with_headlines sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/jetpackweb sysadmin
http://pthree.org/feed/ sysadmin
http://thecoffman.com/ sysadmin
http://fak3r.com/feed/ sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/1manit sysadmin
http://addumb.com/blog/feed/ sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AlexBallas sysadmin
http://www.jukie.net/~bart/blog/feed.xml sysadmin
http://b.inty.se/rss.xml sysadmin
http://matt.io/.rss sysadmin
http://prefetch.net/blog/index.php/feed/ sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/chipx86/chiplog sysadmin
http://blog.loftninjas.org/feed/ sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/cmdln-org sysadmin
http://commandliners.com/feed/ sysadmin
http://cooltrainer.org/feed/ sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/HighScalability sysadmin
http://www.howtoforge.com/feed.rss sysadmin
http://jpmens.net/atom.xml sysadmin
http://dnssexy.net/atom.xml sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Devopsanywhere sysadmin
http://jtimberman.housepub.org/atom.xml sysadmin
http://www.planetdevops.net/?feed=rss2 sysadmin
http://www.sysadminblogs.com/planet/atom.xml sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Sysadmin1138 sysadmin
http://feeds.feedburner.com/samj sysadmin
http://feeds.cyberciti.biz/Nixcraft-LinuxFreebsdSolarisTipsTricks sysadmin

#
# SmartOS
#
http://mirrorshades.net/rss smartos
http://feeds.feedburner.com/SmartcoreBlog smartos
http://smartos.org/feed/ smartos

#
# Android
#
http://blog.hash-of-codes.com/feed/ android
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AppsalesRss android
http://rootzwiki.com/rss/ccs/1-rootzwiki/ android

#
# Debian
#
http://www.debian-administration.org/atom.xml debian
http://www.debian-news.net/feed/ debian
http://dougalmatthews.com/feed/ debian
http://planet.debian.net/rss20.xml debian

#
# Arch
#
http://planet.archlinux.org/rss20.xml archlinux
http://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news/ archlinux

#
# Gaming
#
http://blogs.valvesoftware.com/feed/ gaming
http://edmundmcmillen.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default gaming
http://happypenguin.org/html/news.rdf gaming
http://www.gamingonlinux.info/news_rss.php gaming
http://www.linux-gamers.net/?feed=rss2 gaming
http://mojang.com/feed/ gaming
http://notch.tumblr.com/rss gaming
http://wollay.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default?alt\x3drss gaming

#
# P2P
#
http://filenetworks.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default p2p
http://feedproxy.google.com/Torrentfreak p2p

#
# Coding
#
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror/ coding
http://www.blogger.com/feeds/1539046083268926117/posts/default?v=2&amp;redirect=false coding
http://makandra.com/notes/feed.rss coding
http://michaelshadle.com/feed/ coding
https://cleancoder.posterous.com/rss.xml coding
http://feeds.feedburner.com/softwaretechandmore coding
http://dev.minecraft.net/blog/feed/ coding

#
# Services
#
http://www.96mb.com/feed/ services
http://www.lowendbox.com/feed/ services
http://feeds.feedburner.com/luadns services
http://blog.dnsimple.com/feed/ services
http://www.gwi.net/policy/feed/?post_type=blog services
http://blog.gitorious.org/feed/ services
http://blog.wolframalpha.com/feed/ services
http://blog.linode.com/feed/atom/ services
http://www.opscode.com/rss.xml services
http://blog.pinboard.in/feed/ services

#
# Linux
#
http://www.hotot.org/feed/atom linux
http://dev.weechat.org/feed/atom linux
http://blog.plenz.com/en/atom.xml linux
http://www.miek.nl/rss.xml linux
http://www.unixmen.com/feed/ linux
http://raymii.org/cms/raymii.rss
http://feeds.feedburner.com/UbuntuVibes linux
http://julien.danjou.info/blog/index.php/feed/atom linux
http://definitely-awesome.posterous.com/rss.xml linux
http://www.electricmonk.nl/log/feed/ linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/catonmat linux
http://wordpress.qballcow.nl/feed/ linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/LinuxStall linux
http://lunduke.com/?feed=rss2 linux
http://www.panticz.de/rss.xml linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Pantzorg-TechnicalReferenceSite linux
http://www.phoronix.com/rss.php linux
http://planet.nginx.org/atom.xml linux
http://rackerhacker.com/feed/atom/ linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TheGeekStuff linux
http://rss.feedsportal.com/c/32569/f/491734/index.rss linux
http://feeds.feedburner.com/madebynathan linux
http://ubuntuweblogs.org/atom.xml linux
http://feeds.howtogeek.com/HowToGeek linux
http://kernelnewbies.org/RecentChanges?action?rss_rc linux

#
# Ruby
#
http://blog.haml.info/ ruby
http://blog.bigbinary.com/atom.xml ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/joshorourke ruby
http://reefpoints.dockyard.com/atom.xml ruby
http://tomayko.com/feed ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/AkitaOnRailsEnglish ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ariejan ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DrNic ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/edgerails ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/engineyard ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/EnvyLabs ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/GiantRobotsSmashingIntoOtherGiantRobots ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/connectnothing ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/monkeyonrails ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/hasmanythrough ruby
http://justinfrench.com/?atom=1&amp;section=notebook ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/KatzGotYourTongue ruby
http://www.mackframework.com/feed/ ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/metaskills ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/mislav/dev ruby
http://omgbloglol.com/rss.xml ruby
http://feeds.opinionated-programmer.com/OpinionatedProgrammer ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/rails-bestpractices ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/railstips ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/RubyInside ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/RubyQuicktips ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/Rubyflow ruby
http://rubysource.com/feed/ ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/jonathan-jackson/WZqA ruby
http://blog.segment7.net/xml/rss/ ruby
http://mark.scottishclimbs.com/feed/ ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/stjhimy ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/TechnicalPickles ruby
http://tenderlovemaking.com/feed/ ruby
http://ryanbigg.com/feed/ ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/thesassway ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/cheerfactory ruby
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/SolutiousPerformanceBlog ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/VirtuousCode ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/wyeworks ruby
http://feeds.feedburner.com/rhnh ruby
http://feeds2.feedburner.com/heroku ruby

#
# Reddit
#
http://www.reddit.com/r/minecraft+minecraftinventions+minecraftseeds/.rss reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/techsnap/.rss reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/sysadmin/.rss reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/kindlefire/.rss reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/LinuxActionShow/.rss reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/steamdeals+gamedeals/.rss reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/BSD/.rss reddit
http://www.reddit.com/r/devops/.rss reddit
